gosh I chicken is a spicy chicken recipe
from the Bengal region usually they use
a whole chicken and in western countries
we like to use the Cornish hen for our
recipe we're going to need these
ingredients two pounds are about one
kilogram of Cornish hen meat cleaned and
washed one cup of onion paste one cup of
tomato paste 1 tablespoon of garlic
paste 1 tablespoon of ginger paste 2
tablespoons of yogurt a teaspoon of
turmeric powder a teaspoon of red chili
powder one teaspoon of cumin powder 1
teaspoon of coriander powder 2 way
leaves 4 to 6 cardamom pods 4 to 6
cloves 2 or 3 cinnamon sticks 2
teaspoons of garlic ala 4 to 6
tablespoons of mustard oil and
optionally you guys can use it 1 tsp of
ki and 1 tsp of sugar but that's up to
you and then salt to taste
our recipe has three main steps first
you'll marinate the chicken meat with
onion garlic ginger and other spices
then you'll cook that marinated meat
with the tomato paste until the oil
separates out from the spices and then
you'll do that until the food has a
nearly dry consistency when there isn't
that much gravy left
so to the cleaned and washed chicken
meat you'll add the onion paste the
garlic paste the ginger paste yogurt
turmeric powder red chilli powder cumin
powder coriander powder salt
and the mustard oil
and then marinade the chicken well with
all of these ingredients
and then cover it and set that aside for
about 10 to 20 minutes minimum but if
you do have the time marinating the
chicken for several hours to overnight
would be ideal turn on the stove with a
pan on the burner spread the oil within
the pan
and when the oils hot add the bay leaf
the cardamom
the clothes the cinnamon sticks
and stir
when these spices start to pop you can
add the marinated chicken
sir
stir the meat occasionally so that it
doesn't burn
[Music]
and after about 10 minutes add the
tomato paste
next
you'll cook this for about a half an
hour until the oil separates out from
the spices and until emotional water has
evaporated away
then add the garam masala
and now you can have the sugar if you'd
like to but this part is optional and at
this point you can have the key which is
also optional but it always makes things
a little bit better and then mix and
that's it this serves about three or
four people
[Music]
and you can serve the cautious chicken
with veggies Lucci or hot steamed rice
you